Sharing files between jobs is something we might
take for granted as normal computer users.
You save a file and a program and you expect to be
able to open that same file in another program.
But we have to think about these pipeline jobs as completely separate computers.
We can think of cache or our workspace as a USB memory stick.
Take a look at my code and see how close your solution was to mine.
So here you can see that my job looks very similar
to the previous jobs that we've had in these exercises.
We have here the usual suspects like a Docker image and some steps.
The main difference here is that we are
here persisting something to the workspace, our output file,
which was generated here,
and we have attached to workspace,
which is getting that file back out,
which then we can just cat and display that output text.
The main thing here that we need to make sure that we do is that we use the same route
in this place and the at directive here.
Once we do that, we should be able to assume that the file is there for us,
just as if it had always been there.